I
and this ball is hit pretty well high
and deep to straightaway left it bun yet
has to retreat a bit but he gets there
for out number one
Casey Blake will get his first cuts here
is the first pitch to him there's a
drive high in the air in deep to left
centerfield Victorino is there though is
he gloves it for the second out of the
inning boy and he just missed that one
even so the center fielder had to
retreat a ways before finally cooling it
in
j gibbons will stand in
look inside but that's ruled to strike
nothing in one boy your hidden calls out
there you could really be tough to hit
and a breaking ball down and in here is
he's gotta hop out of the way there
and this ball to be chopped foul
swinging a hard-hit ball down the line
he right and that's a fair ball as this
one will get down the line the relay not
in time and he's in there with a double
so a runner in scoring position with two
men gone and here's the power hitting
catcher Rod Barajas
basketball and all he has to bend out of
the way of that one yeah you're always
looking to keep guys honest with fast
balls on the inside part of the plate
Adam guess in that time as he's barely
able to follow it away
from the stretch swinging in the mission
it's a balm in two strikes here that
caught a lot of the plate with the
writing action caused him to swing right
through it
Mitch her bald it's off the catchers
love and gets away and over to third now
is the runner well somehow he just loses
sight of this thing and that will allow
the runner to get the third here with
two down
no score at this point but a two-out hit
could get a runner in from third
here's the 2 & 2 offering and the cutter
have been swinging strike 3 and the side
is retired so no runs on a hit here no
errors one man left on on now to the
bottom of the second and we are tied
nothing nothing
Shane Victorino will start things off in
the bottom of the second